100 million years before the birth of
the first Pharaoh
the deserts of Egypt were verdant Eden's
teeming with life
at the top of this food chain dinosaurs
ruled
nearly 100 years ago a German aristocrat
named Ernst Stromer venture deep into
this wasteland
searching for clues to its prehistoric
past
the strange monsters he discovered would
astonish the scientific community only
to be blasted into dust by man-made fire
from the skies for the next half a
century a hidden world lay buried under
these shifting sands
until a team of young scientists set out
to resume stromer's quest
their mission to unearth the remains of
the lost dinosaurs of Egypt
the discovery something so unexpected it
would supply one vital missing piece to
the puzzle of a forgotten war